- Hey, buddy.
- Hey, my dude.
- What's going on, man?
- Okay, we got the--
It's good to see--
I'm sorry,
I'm talking
at the same time as you.
- Okay, go ahead.
- You go ahead and talk.
- I'm sorry, go ahead.
- No, it's all right, I--
(stammers)
- Go--
- Are you talking right now?
Yeah, I'm trying to--
- Go ahead.
- All right, this is--
- Okay, go ahead.
- Try to not--um--
- I'm just--I'm gonna talk
- And you just keep--okay.
- No, it's you.
- I'm sorry.
- No.
- All right, I'll go...
- It's just that my internet
- connection's a little weak--ugh.
- And then you just--gosh.
- Are you talking right now?
- I'm--no.
- I think--I can't tell
- If it's a delay--
- God damn it.
- [bleep].
- Okay.
- You go first, and speak...
- I'll talk, and then
- You start--no.
- And then--no.
- W-what's that?
- What?
Wait. What?
- [bleep]!
- God damn it!
- I can't [bleep] believe this.
- Not today!
- You got to be kidding me!
- Not [bleep] today!
Ridiculous!
Gotta have
this conversation!
- [bleep]! [bleep]!
- Okay, okay.
Okay, did the delay come back,
Or are you--did you catch up?
You know what?
Let's just lay back, just calm.
You haven't [bleep] caught up,
or we wouldn't be
- talking at the same time.
- Wow.
- God damn it!
- No.
- Okay, listen--okay, listen...
- Okay, here's the thing--
We gotta stop trying
to talk at the same time...
- Let me just get--
- and try to make--
- Okay.
- or this conversation...
- Okay--are--all right, fine.
- It's gonna just go on...
- forever.
- if--I can't get out of it.
- Okay, I can't--listen--
- then that's ridiculous, I'm--
I'm--that--no.
- What a bunch of--
- God, help me, please!
There's only one thing
We can do, okay?
- I can't!
- There's only one thing
- we can do.
- No, listen to me!
- Yeah, we--we got--
- I don't know how to get
- out of this!
- Well, then we got to end it.
- We--I got to end it.
- I got to end this!
- I can't--
- I can't do it anymore!
- I can't do it anymore.
- Okay, fine!
- I can't do it anymore!
Then we're gonna end it.
- Okay, we're gonna to end--
- I got to--
K--Keegan?
Keegan, I'm gonna end it.
You're frozen, I can't tell--
We're gonna end it,
Okay?
I just don't want you
to be offended.
Ending it, and--oh!
Oh, he really meant
"end it."
(soul music)
♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Sync & corrections by dwigt
www.addic7ed.com
(cheers and applause)
Whoo!
Hello! Mwah!
(audience hooting)
Hello. Hello.
- Thank you.
- Man, thank you.
- Okay, okay.
- Thank you so much.
Thank you so much.
- I am Keegan-Michael Key.
- I am Jordan Peele.
- And we are Key and Peele.
- we are Key and Peele.
Thank you.
(cheers and applause)
You guys see that movie
Django Unchained ?
- Did you see that movie?
- (all) Yeah!
Did you see it?
Okay, mm-hmm.
That movie--
I didn't want to like that,
but that was good, though.
That was good.
(laughs)
'cause I appreciate
some historical, you know,
relevance, and some accuracy,
and when he shot
that bitch and she flew
- across the room--
- And she flew off the thing--
- That's me. That's--that's--
- That was worth $12
Right there,
that one moment.
- But Spike Lee had a problem.
- Yes, he did.
- Before the movie came out--
- Before the movie came out,
before he had seen it,
he was like--
He was like,
"Yo, this is...absolutely"--
I'm like, "Get some coffee
in your system, Spike,
"'cause you've already
lost my attention."
(laughs)
- He didn't like the N-word.
- He didn't like
- the prolific use of the N-word.
- Yeah.
- Which I--I'm trying to think,
How do I describe it?
The N-word--
The use of the N-word in a movie
that's set in slave times,
in the South, in the 1850s.
- "Accurate," is how I would--
- Accurate.
Well,
all right, friends.
The first fight of the evening
will feature
one of my slaves
versus one of the slaves
of my distinguished guest,
Mr. Jacob Dixon.
(chuckles)
You know, Robert,
I hope you're as gracious
a loser as you are a host.
(laughter)
All right, enough talk.
(snaps fingers)
(sighs)
Now...
Fight, you devils!
Fight to the death!
(chuckles)
- Hey.
- Um, question.
- Mm-hmm?
(chuckles)
How do we get
out of this thing alive?
It's really simple.
Just let me pretend to kill you.
Hmm.
Maybe it just makes more sense
if I pretend to kill you.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, I just--
I want to make it
believable, so...
Well, that's what I was--
That's what I was going for too.
- Really?
- What the blazes
is going on over there
in that endless clinch?
Tear him apart!
- Okay, let's--
- Oh! you get--mm!
(both grunting dramatically)
So just--
just die from this.
- From this? Um, just--
- (grunts)
You know what? Just--
Something doesn't feel right,
So if I could just--
If I just--
- Let me--Go with me here.
- Okay. Oh.
Oh.
(both growling)
Yup, that was it, that was it.
This feels much more real.
- So--
- Really? What? Why?
Um, sorry,
What do you mean "Why?"
Fight! My God!
Oh.
I-I'm getting
frustrated now.
Damn it, kill!
(both grunting)
Nope, not a thing.
Not a thing.
Not a thing?
Okay, let me just get--
Mm, I'm gonna get him.
I got him.
- Let me get you, though.
- Just let me get you, though.
- No, let me get you.
It was my idea,
so can I do it first?
- Let me get you.
- Let me get you, though.
- Just for, like, a second.
Will you just let me get you
for a second, please?
Let me get you.
Let me get you!
Stop fighting like sissies
and kill each other!
- Okay.
- All right.
(both grunting)
- Okay, check this out.
- Yeah, mm-hmm.
All right,
we'll back up,
- Mm-hmm.
- and you run at me real fast,
just do a bunch of spins,
and kicks, and flourishes,
and I'll just knock you out,
one punch, and then you're dead.
Great, okay--
No, wait, wait, what?
I'm sorry, so you can look cool?
No, thank you.
If someone doesn't die soon,
I will kill you both.
Thank you.
- (grunting) Ah!
- Ohh!
Ah, that's my boy!
- (grunts)
- Ohh!
(grunts)
Ah!
Oh--ahh!
You are not getting stronger
from my punches.
- Yes, I am, though!
- Listen, come here.
You've got to--
No, listen, listen.
Let's be fair, okay?
We both slam into each other,
and we both die.
Fair?
- That's fair.
- All right.
(both grunting)
One!
- This will be good.
- Two!
(both) Three!
(grunting dramatically)
- What?
- Oh, you son of a bitch!
You were never
gonna fall.
You didn't even try
to fall down.
- You were never--
- It's, like, the fakest thing--
The thing is, you're--
- How 'bout that?
- Don't--no.
Don't hit me.
Oh, what's that?
- Ow.
- What are you doing?
- Cut the--
- Come on.
Oh, you hit my balls.
Hey, everybody!
War's over!
Slavery is abolished.
Sorry.
(scoffs)
- We'll call it a draw.
- Done.
Good for you, though, huh?
- Thank you?
- Let's go.
- Well, wait, before you--
- No, no, no, no, no, hold up.
Just--just--if--just if I may,
Who do you think
- would have won the fight?
- Yeah, between the two of us?
(soul music)
We've had,
on a couple of occasions,
like, I mean,
real super-tough,
like, tatted-up Mexican dudes
Walk up to us and go,
"Hey, homes.
"Like, you guys
Should make fun of us."
(laughter and applause)
You know, the guy's, like--
Blink, he's got
a "K" and a "P"
Tattooed here.
- We're like, "No, it's okay."
- "It's all right."
"It's all right."
"No, you should do it.
- "Like, make fun of us more."
- "Nah."
"Because you guys--you guys
are leaving us out."
- You can't--
- "Like, don't leave us out.
"We're trying to have fun too,
okay?"
Yeah.
"We're trying
To have fun, ese."
That's some scary [bleep],
when their eyes get big.
- That's some scary [bleep].
- "Hey."
No.
I don't want none of that.
It's like, if you have
human sacrifice in your DNA,
- I'm not gonna make fun of you.
- (laughs)
Okay,
let's get this thing going.
Everybody take a seat.
We got to have
More meetings, homes,
'cause I'm telling you, man,
we got to get organized.
(sighs)
(police sirens in the distance)
Carlito ain't got a seat, man.
Someone get him a chair.
No, I'm cool.
No, dude, get him a chair,
h omes.
I'm gonna sit gangster.
But, Carlito, it doesn't look
Like it's comfortable, man.
Why don't you
Just sit in the chair?
I never sit
in no chair, ese.
Mm-mmm.
You never, ever gon' catch me
sitting in no chairs.
Hey, ese, you know that
That's loco, right?
No, man.
(scoffs)
It's cool, Carlito.
No one's gonna think
you're soft
- if you sit in a chair, homes.
- Yeah, yeah.
- We're all sitting in chairs.
- Right.
- Bunch of bitch-ass culeros.
- ÿQue?
- I don't have no time
to sit in no [bleep] chair.
Okay.
Now that we're all here--
You know what?
But why, though?
Like, it don't make no sense
for you to set yourself up
with a rule like that.
- No, it's, like, limiting.
- Yeah, limiting.
- Limiting.
- I mean, sometimes,
People sit in chairs.
Man, [bleep] all of you guys
with your bitch-ass chairs.
(wood cracks)
- There.
- (scoffs)
Okay, Carlito, quit playing
and sit in the chair, pendejo.
- No.
- Carlito,
we have to have this meeting
now, ese. Get up!
I'm good right here, man.
- You know--
- I'm chilling.
Go ahead with your meeting.
Okay, but you know
It's going to be weird.
You don't care
that it's going to be weird?
Weird for you, maybe.
He doesn't care.
Okay.
Okay, homies,
so this is what we have to do,
like, we got to sell
more drugs...
- (groaning)
- and we got to make
more crimes happen.
- Roberto, where are we--
- (groaning)
Carlito,
You're bleeding, ese!
(grunts)
Who cares, man?
(winces)
Yo, whoa!
You just got shanked, man!
- We got to pull that out!
- Leave it!
I'm chilling, homes.
I don't care
about that stupid shank.
(groaning)
(exhales)
Carlito.
Carlito, wake up, man!
(radio chatter)
Hey,
don't even bother, ese.
What?
(screams)
Â¡Oh, dios mio!
I don't need
those defibrillators.
I don't even want to come back
to life, homes.
Carlito,
Go back into your body.
- My body's stupid, homes.
- What?
I'm fine right here
on the spirit plane.
Life is for pussies.
(heavenly singing)
Carlito.
Carlito, go to the light.
Nah, I'm good, man.
Carlito,
that's Heaven, man.
I don't need to go
to Heaven, homes.
- Heaven is for pussies.
- Oh, boy.
Hello, and welcome
To the fifth annual meeting
of the Tallahassee
Black Republicans.
- Now, I'm pissed!
- (All) Mm-hmm.
- Royally pissed!
- (all) Mm-hmm.
Last november, Barack Obama
was re-elected President,
and the black vote
went almost entirely to him!
(crowd murmuring)
Dagnabbit.
We're not getting
our message out, obviously.
The Republican Party
is and should be
- the only home for black votes.
- Yes, sir.
Now, people think that
black voters are a monolith.
(scoffs)
We're not a monolith.
- What? What?
- No, we're not.
- In fact,
Black Republicans alone
are an extremely diverse
group of people.
(crowd murmuring agreement)
Now, to speak more
on diversity,
I present tonight's speaker,
Mr. Douglas Jackson.
(applause)
(applause ends abruptly)
Now, I'm not gonna
sugarcoat it, I'm pissed!
(crowd murmuring agreement)
I'm royally pissed.
The liberal media
thinks that Republicanism
- is not for black people.
- (all) Mm.
- Now, you tell me, what
about fiscal responsibility,
a strong national defense,
and a limited government
is unappealing
to black people?
- We're not a monolith!
- (all) Mm-mmm.
We come in all different
shapes and sizes.
- We do.
- (all) Mm-hmm.
Now, who here would like
to come up to this podium
and speak about the diversity
amongst Black Republicans?
(clears throat)
Oh.
(chuckles)
Gentlemen,
we have a real treat today,
a gentleman
who is a little bit eccentric,
a little bit outside of the box,
if you will,
but I can't think
of a better person to speak
on diversity
amongst Black Republicans
than this gentleman
right here.
All the way from Orlando,
my good friend,
Arthur Washington!
(applause)
It's good to see you.
Good to see you, man.
(applause)
(applause ends abruptly)
Thank you
for the introduction,
Brother Douglas.
Thank you for being here,
Brother Arthur.
Mm-hmm.
However, I am...
pissed.
(crowd murmuring agreement)
Royally pissed.
- Indeed, indeed!
- All right.
- Democrats think
they have the right
to all the black people.
But that is not the case.
We are not a monolith.
(crowd murmuring agreement)
Democrats may be cool,
but they ain't practical.
There you go.
(crowd murmuring agreement)
Republicans
are practical.
Black people
are practical!
- Come to think of it...
- Get those pants.
I think Black Republicans
are pretty cool.
(crowd murmuring agreement)
Hear, hear, hear, hear.
Not to mention
very diverse.
There we go. Mm-hmm.
(door opens)
Excuse me, gentlemen.
Sorry to interrupt.
Someone's white wife
is here to pick them up.
(all murmuring)
Was her name Emily?
- Uh, she was white.
- Oh, great, that's--
(soul music)
Anybody here enjoy
athletics and sports?
(cheers and applause)
Something that
we find very interesting
is that sometimes,
the celebrations
after somebody
has done something positive
in a sporting event
are more violent
- than the sport itself.
- They're just--
- They're so jacked up.
- Why is that?
Yeah!
They're so amped up!
They're crazy.
They're just--
- Dudes get amped up!
- We did that, man.
- We won that!
- We done--yeah.
- Yeah, we did.
- We won that, son!
- You did that stuff, boy.
- What? What?
- You did it, son.
- We won that, son!
- We won that!
They thought we couldn't do it,
but we could do it!
(both yelling unintelligibly)
- We did it, son!
- We did it--yeah!
We did it, man!
(unintelligible yelling)
Come on, man!
We did it!
- We did it!
- We did it.
Silence it.
We did it.
We did it--oh.
(cheering and mixed chatter)
(laughs)
Oh, yeah!
Good victory, guys!
Good victory!
Hey, hey, come on, good game!
Slap-ass, man!
Hey, good game!
Get some slap-ass!
(laughs)
Yeah, dog!
Yes, man!
Good game!
Slap-ass!
(laughs)
Hey, who's next? Who--
Hey, Garcia!
Come on, man, get you some.
Come on, let's get
some slap-ass over here.
No!
What? Why--why not?
I said no, Rafi.
He's had enough, Rafi.
We've all had enough.
Enough of what?
Enough of the damn
ass-slapping, Rafi.
Gracias.
The [bleep] slap-ass?
- Si, yes. si.
- Mm-hmm.
(laughs)
Guys, who [bleep] cares
how much I slap ass?
So what?
I slap ass!
No big deal, man.
I'm a [bleep] baseball player.
That's what we do.
We [bleep] hit home runs,
and [bleep] slap ass.
Come on, huh?
Rafi, that's not
how we all see baseball.
Everybody does it.
All the teams slap ass, man.
You--
You slap ass, Garcia!
Like, a couple of times
a game.
(laugh sheepishly)
What?
So what, man?
Why the [bleep]
you counting, man?
Who knows how many times
I slap ass, or how many--
427 times.
Okay, time flies when
you're having fun, man. What--
My families come
to these games, Rafi.
My son is always asking me
why I'm letting this man
touch my butt so many times.
And you say "slap-ass"
every time.
Every time!
Okay, hold on one second.
Let's go to the time-out.
I'm from
the Dominican Republic, okay?
All I know,
since I was a little kid,
is to catch fly balls
and to say "Slap-ass"
every single time
I [bleep] slap ass!
This is the Major Leagues,
Rafi.
We are all from
the Dominican Republic.
Nobody here has ever heard
anyone say "Slap-ass"
before you.
Quit playing, man.
Come on, get your slap-ass.
- (all) Rafi!
- Rafi, enough! Okay?
I'm...
(sighs)
Okay.
You're right.
I know you're right about it.
I have a problem, okay?
I know that.
And I decide to stop
right now.
Bueno.
(sighs)
Right after I get
that Garcia slap-ass.
- Come on.
- (all) Hey, hey, hey!
- What?
- No, Rafi!
Hey, come on, eh?
I'm fine, all right?
Fine, I get it!
(sighs)
(all struggling)
Get up out of here!
- Come on!
- Get out of the locker room!
You get out
of the locker room!
You're the only slap-ass
that matters, Garcia!
You are not
getting a slap-ass!
Hey, Garcia, man,
can I talk to you for a second?
- Oh.
- Hold up.
Hey, Rafi, what's up?
Oh, man, I just talked
To the manager, man.
He says he's going
to trade me, man.
I mean, what the hell, you know?
I got kids, too, right?
Yeah, well, we all told you
what was going to happen
- If you--
- Hey...
(heavy breathing)
I really could use
that one slap-ass, man.
- Rafi.
- Come on, man.
Just one slap-ass, you know?
Just one--
Just for old times' sake,
you know?
Get me back on my feet.
I really--
Just one for the road, man.
I could really use it.
(heavy breathing)
Okay, okay.
Good game! Slap-ass!
(loud smack)
(relieved sigh)
I got to get home
to my kids.
Okay.
Oh.
Garcia, man.
I'll suck your [bleep] if you
let me slap your ass again.
No!
(groans)
Garcia,
I'll suck your [bleep].
(groaning)
Ohh, slap-ass, slap-ass,
slap-ass, slap-ass, slap-ass,
slap-ass, slap-ass.
(soul music)
Welcome
to Metta World News.
In fashion,
if you woke up, and there
was a 4-inch miniature human
standing on your chest,
would you swat them off?
I was really challenged
by this question.
I would hope that I would
engage them in conversation.
But in reality,
I think I'd be scared of them
and swat them away,
which would probably kill them.
Well, that wraps up
Metta World News
for this Wednesday, October
Noise-canceling Octagon Tire.
I'm Metta World Peace.
Good night.
Did I fulfill my contract,
Satan?
(cheers and applause)
We love you.
Thank you.
- Hey, it was a good show, man.
- It was a good show!
- We won that show, dog!
- Yeah, we did!
- We won that show, baby!
- We won that show!
- What?
- We did!
- We won that show.
- Come on-- (unintelligible)
(cheers and applause)
Sync & corrections by dwigt
www.addic7ed.com
♪ I'm gonna do
my one line here ♪
Oh yeah!
-= www.OpenSubtitles.org =-